[Music]
five simple relationship truth you need
to know so much has been written about
relationship that it's difficult to
determine what's true and what not
here are five relationship stereotypes
that you can discard immediately for
instance it turns out you don't have to
spend all of your time together why
watch till the end to figure out the
truth number five
they must be passion at the beginning
[Music]
not all relationships begin with
incredible infatuation therefore you
need to pay attention not only to
passion and sparks but also to a sense
of security and comfort that you feel or
not connect to a person for a healthy
relationship it is much more important
that you can lock together and trust
each other
[Music]
[Laughter]
number four happy partners have the same
interest
aha each person has their interests and
hobbies don't think that if you love
opera and your significant other is fond
of rafting you will have nothing to talk
about and will be unhappy together
on the contrary personal interests will
make you more attractive in the eyes of
your partner three happy couples never
fight
hmm
[Music]
people who never fight usually just
don't care
couples without troubles are usually on
their way to a breakup we are not saying
that follow language or abuse are okay
but small quarrels shouldn't worry you
they happen to everyone and this is how
you and your partner learn to understand
each other better making up as always
nice to remember to happy partners adore
each other's relatives and friends
[Music]
[Applause]
do not expect your partner to love your
family and friends unconditionally you
also don't have to be a fan of your
partner's family you chose only each
other for the relationship after this
you just need to organize interaction
with others so that nobody gets insulted
the key is to communicate your hopes and
boundaries
to each other and your families hmm
[Music]
[Applause]
number one happy couple's are always
together do you think that the partners
and happy couples never part well it's
an illusion sooner or later every person
wants to spend some time alone in
harmonious unions partners understand
them and calmly give each other personal
space
you should never blame yourself for
desiring this some rest from family
duties is necessary it doesn't mean that
you stopped loving your partner on the
contrary it helps deserve feelings or
even breathe new life into the
relationship
[Music]
here's our little bonus a lot of the
time we learn the characteristics of a
perfect relationship from movies or ads
alas they have little to do with reality
remember that when noticing your
partner's little flaws then makes them
real do you know any other truths about
a healthy relationship that everyone
should be aware share them in the
comments don't forget to hit the like
button below the video and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life